All right let's talk about the answers to the price to earnings valuation methodology exercise.
Let me zoom in because my eyes are not like that anymore.
The older I get the better I was.
OK.
Shift click finger off shift delete.
Here we go.
OK.
So the growth year over year for ABS is 65 percent.
Right.
Is that growth over that and this is pulled directly off the income statement down there.
All right.
OK.
Sixty five percent earnings growth and earnings growth slows to 54 percent earnings growth.
Okay.
So in terms of the price target for that year what you do is you double click and because we're at two
times the earnings growth rate we're in a Polish market there.
I don't like 2 times earnings.
I prefer to pay closer when times earnings.
We're in a bullish stock market environment everything is going up.
Even the low quality high growth stuff.
OK.
So in this case what you do is the PC is going to be twice the growth rate.
The growth rate.
Sixty five percent.
Right so that is very very high.
So here's what you do.
You take two times that red one there.
OK.
So that basically means a growth rate of sixty five percent times two is 130 times 100 percent in real
numbers.
And then you multiply by earnings per share that year.
Now your target price and your market cap that year is just that times the number of shares at the bottom
it comes in.
And that's expensive.
And by the same token do the same thing here except the growth rate is lower.
So we're going to take it in 2020 and then we're going to multiply it by two times the growth rate.
Right.
So hundred eight or whatever it is and the market cap is just that times number shares.
That's a bullish market.
That's when everything is going up.
I don't like buying stuff at two times earnings.
I like to short stuff that's two times or more usually if the fundamentals catalysts and everything
are all in alignment.
Look at bearish what we do here is if the market's not doing well or if somebody is bearish on his company
for whatever it's worth the price target can be 1 times earnings growth rate.
Okay.
And so in this case you've got growth of close 400 percent here called 9:9.
And then what you do is you're going to take this one k times the growth rate basically right or 1 times
growth rate and that's basically 100 percent growth so it's like a hundred times earnings so at higher
prices both times I got this one here you got lower growth.
So asking me about 90 times earnings can still kind of expensive but I don't mind paying up for growth
.
Okay.
And then my favorite is to look at five years then discounted today.
So this is the just right Goldilocks and three bears.
This is in between.
OK.
One to a two Peg okay in shifts and graph shift backspace.
There.
OK.
And here the price target is one and a half times a growth rate.
So it's like under 50.
So you take that.
OK.
Times one point five I should say.
And then you just find the P similar what we did before.
And then the same thing here our last one.
It's one and a half times that growth rate times earnings.
And that was that gets us to a target price of that one there and then it's discount by four or five
years depending where you are in the year or next year whatever it is.
I think you guys understand out DCF this counting works.
And then that discount is the price target today.
And that's a high price target.
OK.
So you've got three answers here.
I'm glad we did the high price one because it will somewhat get normalized by this.
Right.
So if you just use PPI right you may decide oh my god that one is way off right.
If you just use DCF you might realize why I'm not bullish enough.
So some people might even choose to ignore that one because it's an outlier.
And you know one or two data points does make a trend but many do.
So you might want to do another valuation methodology here if you wanted to.
But I think this is good enough.
And when you bring this to your portfolio manager your boss or your potential employer they might say
.
Chris I kind of think this is an outlier.
I don't want you to factor that in at all and not get rid of it or you might get to a point where you're
a sophisticated investor and you just kind of look at one or two of these.
Right and you might even favor this one here but you better have good logic in your model to justify
a target price of that much upside.
I love looking at ridiculous high target price companies.
I don't like wasting my time trying to come up with investment ideas that are going to go up 10 percent
per year.
Right because the margin of error is just too high.
What if you're five or 10 or 20 percent off.
Right.
So this excites me these types of target prices here because basically I'm an outlier.
There's no way anywhere else in the market I think the Sox can go up that much.
I love that.
That's why I love looking out five years because again I don't know the path but I know the destination
.
If I feel comfortable my five year estimates and again Wall Street or most analysts most investors look
out one year maybe two max whatever.
I think the smart money looks out long term.
OK so anyway here's a blended average of all three.
Our target price is boat or 9 Dagar close to 10 bagger is pretty good.
You get.
OK.
Go